_site/README.md, before:

## About Me


# Hi.
 - I am shri. I am currently in VJTI, trying to be the best version of myself the day before. 

 - I am an **VLSI and digital design** fan! I am working on building a complete microprocessor using RISC-V Architecture! To test my skills, I am currently working on working on FPGA (in the Xilinx Ecosystem, also working on Intel Quartus Ecosystem right now)!
 - I'm always exploring stuff in the field of robotics, where I am the most passionate about stuff like, mech design, Embedded systems, control systems, inclusion of DRL in the field of robotics (don't know much about them, but really eager to learn stuff).

 - My projects are here all posted on [GitHub](https://github.com/5iri)! 

 - I am planning to starting to write blogs about stuff I have done before and I am going to do [here](/markdown_files/blog_stuff.md)!

 - I’m always open to collaborations and new opportunities, so feel free to [mail](mailto:shrivishakhdevanand@gmail.com), [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shri-vishakh-devanand-85b72429a/)!

Commit message:

Add Notes page with notes on how to destroy metastasis cancer cells

_site/README.md, after:

## About Me


# Hi.
 - I am shri. I am currently in VJTI, trying to be the best version of myself the day before. 

 - I am a **VLSI and digital design** fan! I am working on building a complete microprocessor using RISC-V Architecture! To test my skills, I am currently working on working on FPGA (in the Xilinx Ecosystem, also working on Intel Quartus Ecosystem right now)!

 - I'm always exploring stuff in the field of robotics, where I am the most passionate about stuff like, mech design, Embedded systems, control systems, inclusion of DRL in the field of robotics (don't know much about them, but really eager to learn stuff).

 - My projects are here all posted on [GitHub](https://github.com/5iri)! 

 - I am planning to starting to write blogs about stuff I have done before and I am going to do [here](/markdown_files/blog_stuff.md)!
 - I’m always open to collaborations and new opportunities, so feel free to [mail](mailto:shrivishakhdevanand@gmail.com), [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shri-vishakh-devanand-85b72429a/)!





---
 - Notes of papers and projects that I have worked on can be found [here](/markdown_files/notes_stuff.md).
